but I just think this approach were
taking a loan for a loan for a loan for
a loan for loan I mean when does it ever
end so the argument then becomes about
the taxpayer who's pissed off and saying
let me get this straight you can
constantly bail yourself out and you can
constant go print money with this
quantitative easing why the hell do I
have to pay taxes why do I pay taxes if
you can you know no this goes to your
argument over the socialism but why do I
pay taxes that's slightly different than
the concept of socialism cuz socialism
is to give me stuff right but why do I
pay taxes that's right
for my big 40th birthday lunch there
were at the time that I had lunch with
Richard Fisher who was my boss there
were riots in the streets of Athens and
we ended that lunch with me saying
what's your greatest concern and his
answer was I worried that fed policy is
going to eventually land us in the same
spot as where Greece finds itself back
then with riots in the streets now take
my example of the state of Illinois
you're you're a Chicagoan
your 401k has been decimated because
you're one of millions of Americans
who've been told to keep your money in
the stock market no matter what and
there's there's there's no other school
of thought you've got countless
investment advisers all giving the
identically same advice to all of them
so your joke you 401k holder and you're
pissed off and you've lost a good chunk
of your savings and you know you're
gonna have to tack at least another
decade onto your work life to make up
for what you've lost now the city of
Chicago has just bailed out its pension
again so you're told that your property
taxes and your state income taxes are
going to have to rise to pay for it
let's just say Social Security and
Medicare run out of money so you're also
told by the great people in Washington
that your federal taxes are going to
have to go up as well so you're bailing
out the pensioners you're bailing out
the federal government you're bailing
out corrupt state politicians and unions
who knows though who have given way too
much more than they could ever afford to
pay for and
your next-door neighbor's a fireman
who's living great and he's set for life
these are the seeds of social unrest in
this country you can only drive so big
of a wedge between the haves and the
have-nots especially when you're getting
out the middle class in the process if
you make very very little in America
today and I'm talking about today 25
percent of Americans who qualify for
unemployment insurance are going to make
more money in the second quarter than
they would if they had not lost their
job that's how big unemployment that's
how big the stimulus bill is by taxing
about one more time say that one more
time so the stimulus bill tacks on $600
for every American what they get paid by
collecting unemployment insurance so 25%
of Americans who are going to be out of
the workforce okay are going to make
more in the second quarter April May and
June than they would have had they kept
their job so if you make very little in
America today you're gonna get through
this if you're worth a ton of money
you'd long since gone to cash let's get
honest if you're part of that 1% if
you're in the middle you're screwed and
you're pissed and you're a taxpayer and
that's why I say this could be such a
ground roots source that this this could
be a generational change that brings
about I'm looking at Abraham Lincoln I'm
inspired that brings about a genuine
change in how we approach our leadership
in America and I'm all for it I'm not
all for American families hurting at all
don't get me wrong but we have gone
through multiple iterations of gutting
out our middle class you can't do that
for too long you lose loyalty you can't
I mean you want me to pay taxes I don't
know if I'm paying taxes but I mean do
something with the money I'm giving
and actually deliver on your promises
instead of taking what if you don't want
to do universal basic income and impose
socialism what if you actually hold dear
to your American ideals and you want to
work hard for a living then your even
more pissed off oh that's the community
I'm talking about I'm not talking about
the community of semi-free money I'm not
talk about free money I'm talking about
hey instead of talking about thousand
dollars Universal income andrew yang
policy that became a hit in the
democratic presidential campaign that
was going on I'm talking about rather
than that what about if you do something
that is not paying taxes for a certain
amount what for I mean I'm not anyways
that's a whole different conversation I
don't want to go to another part but
they're in mind to your point before you
move on the Federal Reserve monetizing
the US debt is what enables all of this
oh great there role I and I understand
that but also at the same time I want to
I want to make sure that if I am getting
to work and I'm working there I'm the
middle guy not the middle or the top I'm
talking the person in the middle the
middle person is like oh I can't wait to
get these checks gonna be great life's
gonna be better than what I was getting
paid to twenty five percent making less
than fifteen bucks an hour so you know
how that numbers gonna work out the guys
at the top they're like listen I'm gonna
be fine everything's gonna be cheap I'm
gonna buy stuff on sale right now I'm
gonna make more money today than ever
before
those guys are fine the middle guy
that's doing his part her part that's
the person that I can understand why
they're pissed off why they would want
to see some kind of reforms taking place
you
[Music]